README.md, before:

<a href="https://www.phlex.fun/"><img alt="Phlex logo" src="https://www.phlex.fun/assets/logo.png" width="180" /></a>

Phlex lets you compose web views in pure Ruby — kind of like JSX, but not really anything like JSX. It’s super-fast, thread-safe and supports TruffleRuby v23.1+ and CRuby 3.2+. Phlex currently supports [HTML](https://rubydoc.info/gems/phlex/Phlex/HTML) and [SVG](https://rubydoc.info/gems/phlex/Phlex/SVG) views, and we’re exploring JSON and XML.

Docs and more at [Phlex.fun](https://www.phlex.fun/)

### Prior Art 🎨

- [markaby](https://github.com/markaby/markaby)
- [erector](https://github.com/erector/erector)
- [papercraft](https://github.com/digital-fabric/papercraft)
- [matestack](https://github.com/matestack/matestack-ui-core)
- [arbre](https://github.com/activeadmin/arbre)
- [tubby](https://github.com/judofyr/tubby)
- [hoshi](https://github.com/pete/hoshi)
- [hyperstack](https://github.com/hyperstack-org/hyperstack)
- [clearwater](https://github.com/clearwater-rb/clearwater)
- [paggio](https://github.com/opal/paggio)
- [Inesita](https://github.com/inesita-rb/inesita)

Commit message:

Update README with maintenance schedule
Signed-off-by: Joel Drapper <joel@drapper.me>

README.md, after:

<a href="https://www.phlex.fun/"><img alt="Phlex logo" src="https://www.phlex.fun/assets/logo.png" width="180" /></a>

Phlex lets you compose web views in pure Ruby — kind of like JSX, but not really anything like JSX. It’s super-fast, thread-safe and supports TruffleRuby v23.1+ and CRuby 3.2+. Phlex currently supports [HTML](https://rubydoc.info/gems/phlex/Phlex/HTML) and [SVG](https://rubydoc.info/gems/phlex/Phlex/SVG) views, and we’re exploring JSON and XML.

Docs and more at [Phlex.fun](https://www.phlex.fun/)

## Maintenance schedule

### Bug fixes
- Only the latest minor version of each major version will receive bug fixes.
- We may choose to fix bugs by releasing a new minor version rather than patching the existing minor version.
- Major versions will stop receiving bug fixes one year after the next major version is released.

### Security patches
- When a security issue is brought to our attention, we aim to release patches for any minor version that was released in the last year.
- Additionally, the latest minor version of the latest major version will receive security patches, even if that version is over a year old.

### Prior Art 🎨

- [markaby](https://github.com/markaby/markaby)
- [erector](https://github.com/erector/erector)
- [papercraft](https://github.com/digital-fabric/papercraft)
- [matestack](https://github.com/matestack/matestack-ui-core)
- [arbre](https://github.com/activeadmin/arbre)
- [tubby](https://github.com/judofyr/tubby)
- [hoshi](https://github.com/pete/hoshi)
- [hyperstack](https://github.com/hyperstack-org/hyperstack)
- [clearwater](https://github.com/clearwater-rb/clearwater)
- [paggio](https://github.com/opal/paggio)
- [Inesita](https://github.com/inesita-rb/inesita)
